EXAM TESTING ENGINE END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
======================================================================

This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement  between 
you and Vumingo, please read it carefully.

YOU  AGREE  TO BE  BOUND  BY THE TERMS OF THIS EULA BY INSTALLING THIS 
PRODUCT OR PURCHASING ITS  LICENSE CODE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE  WITH ANY 
OF THE FOLLOWING  TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO  NOT INSTALL THE  SOFTWARE. 
USING  ANY  PART  OF  THE  SOFTWARE  OR  PURCHASING  ITS  LICENSE CODE 
INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS.

The Software  is protected by  applicable national  copyright laws and 
international  copyright  treaties,  as  well  as  other  intellectual 
property laws and treaties. The Software is licensed, not sold. Global 
Simulators Ltd retains all the rights, which are not expressly granted 
to You according to the present License Agreement.

GENERAL INFORMATION
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Exam Testing Engine  software is  available in  two versions: Exam 
Testing Engine Basic, which includes ETE Player, and 
Exam Testing Engine Pro, which includes ETE Player and ETE Designer s
oftware. 

DEMO VERSION
----------------------------------------------------------------------

The demo version of  Exam Testing Engine may  be used for demo purposes 
at the user's  own risk only. It allows  for the limited functionality 
of the Exam Testing Engine software.  In the demo version, ETE Designer 
allows for creation of the ETE files without the option of saving them. 
The  demo version  of ETE Player  allows to  play  the  first 5 (five) 
questions of a ETE file only. To  access the full functionality of the 
Exam Testing Engine software, the user needs to upgrade to the licensed 
version. 

The demo version may be freely  distributed, provided the distribution 
package is not modified. No person or company may charge a fee for the 
distribution of Exam Testing Engine.

LICENSED VERSION
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Once  registered,  the   user  is  granted  a  limited,  non-exclusive, 
non-transferable,  non-assignable license to use Exam Testing Engine on 
2 computers  only per  each license  purchased, for  any legal purpose. 
The registered Exam Testing Engine software may not be rented or leased.
Exam Testing Engine  license versions  vary in their type and duration. 
Depending on the  user’s preference, 1 month, 3, 6 or 12-month license 
for  Exam Testing Engine  Basic  or  Exam Testing Engine  Pro can be 
purchased.   Unless   otherwise   selected,   the   license   will  be 
automatically renewed at the end of the licensing period, and the user 
will be  charged accordingly.  To cancel the  automated renewal option, 
you need to disable this feature in your Vumingo account settings. The 
software  won’t be working after  the end of the license period unless 
it has been renewed. 

TERMS OF USE
----------------------------------------------------------------------

During  your  purchase  of Exam Testing Engine,  your  personal Vumingo 
account will  be created.  Per each account,  user will be able to use 
the software on  2 (two) computers only.  The account can only be used 
by the individual  (or entity) it is registered  for and should not be 
shared with  other parties.  Any distribution of  the account details/ 
unlicensed  Exam Testing Engine  software usage by  other parties shall 
result in  immediate and  automatic termination of  the rights granted 
in this EULA.

There are  no additional license fees,  apart  from  the cost  of the 
license,  associated with  the creation  and  distribution   of  Exam 
Testing Engine exam files.    Legally registered owners may use their 
copies of Exam Testing Engine to produce exam files and to distribute 
those files free of any additional royalties.

You may not copy, emulate, clone, rent, lease, sell, modify, decompile, 
disassemble,  otherwise  reverse  engineer,  or transfer  the licensed 
program, or any subset of the licensed program.  Any such unauthorized 
use  shall  result  in  immediate  and  automatic  termination of this 
license and may result in criminal and/or civil prosecution.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY:  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED  TO YOU AT NO CHARGE. 
YOU AGREE THAT VUMINGO HAS MADE NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES, ORAL OR WRITTEN, 
TO YOU REGARDING THE PRODUCTS AND THAT THE PRODUCTS ARE BEING PROVIDED 
TO YOU "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. VUMINGO DISCLAIMS ANY AND 
ALL  OTHER  WARRANTIES,   WHETHER  EXPRESSED,  IMPLIED,  OR  STATUTORY, 
INCLUDING,   BUT   WITHOUT   LIMITATION,  THE  IMPLIED  WARRANTIES  OF 
NONINFRINGEMENT OF  THIRD PARTY RIGHTS,  MERCHANTABILITY,  AND FITNESS 
FOR A  PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  VUMINGO SHALL  NOT BE  LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, 
INCIDENTAL,   SPECIAL,   COVER,  RELIANCE,  OR  CONSEQUENTIAL  DAMAGES 
(INCLUDING,  BUT NOT LIMITED TO,  LOSS OF ANTICIPATED PROFIT)  ARISING 
FROM ANY CAUSE UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT.

The terms of this license are subject  to change in future versions of 
Exam Testing Engine.  Learners Ltd reserves the right to  amend these 
terms at any time without prior notice. If you do not agree with 
the terms of this license,  you must remove  Exam Testing Engine files 
from your storage devices and cease to use the product.

Thank you for using Exam Testing Engine!

Learners Ltd.
Web:	https://www.vumingo.com
E-mail:	support@vumingo.com